friends, hello, today we have this
package wrapped small here as you
understood from the title of the video are points
for skiing well I collected them
for a ride on a snowmobile let's
unpack 23 days we have the package went
The seller estimated at 10 dollars I gave for
She'll count the dollars now
look at the case understands what that
it's still tough packaging
neatly missing with a pair of scissors
will not cut anything
long you did not lie entry like this
Of course I see to order the winter has begun
somewhat of course
packaging
we remove so let's watch robichek one
reaches probably
Pants are such a little case
Now here are seasoned with glasses seen me
hello there should be double glass
since i'm socks i'm special for myself
such ordered are looking for all the ventilation and so
I understand that they do not fog up inside
a little bit they are polycarbonate cool
nothing scratched completely
the strap is regulated well as years at sea
So we will try to understand it
it opens still opens here
you need to remove wipe glass
we will test here you give
what color do you normally see everything
I personally like it now I measure
peasants sit only on a little rubber band and
pull in principle if the hat
it will be ok here
we will test points
try to ride a snowmobile
but we go fishing with a friend
I didn’t buy a bag by buying
In general, some instruction is not clear in
acquisitions in chinese they add up
hard so pretty cover nothing
the carabiner won't break here
some address is
spring mail.com
Nose understood to go see well on this
all guys
I will ride try all who watched
thank you link in the description all good
good day shopping